Welcome! This software is designed to help you keep track of statistics for all players on your team during
a basketball game. Start by entering the
first and last name of your player into the textbox right under the headers. Press 'Submit' to add this
player to your team. Press 'Undo' to remove the latest player name you entered. Press 'Done' to finish 
creating your team. As you enter your players, the program will show you a running list of all your players,
shown in the first name and last initial format. If two players have the same first name and last initial,
the latest player's last name will be shown rather than their last initial.
In the event that you accidentally close the program while in the middle of a game, or you wish to go back
to a previous game, you can press the 'Old Game' button. Once pressed, if there are any games available
to load, they will be displayed in a grid for you to select. Once selected, the game will restart and all
player statistics will be added. the 'Instructions' button leads you here and the settings button is a way
of customizing your experience with this program. You can change the color of the background, text, borders
and buttons, you can select whatever font type you like and you can customize which game type you are playing
by entering how many fouls are allowed, how many players are playing, etc. 
Finally, the 'Close' button is simply a way of closing the program.
*-*
Once you have pressed 'Done', you will be redirected to one of two windows depending on how many players
you entered. Because a Basketball game requires a certain number of players to be on the floor at all times, if you enter exactly
STARTER_KEY players, then there is no need for a bench or substitutions. Therefore, you will be redirected directly
to the 'Roster Management' window to begin your game. If you entered more than STARTER_KEY players, then you will be 
redirected to a different window where you can select STARTER_KEY starters for your game. This window is shown below:
*-*
This window will ask you to select STARTER_KEY starters from the players you entered. You can press 'Undo' to remove
the last starter on your list and press 'Start' to start your game. If you entered exactly 
STARTER_KEY players, then you will be directed
to the window directly below. At the top of the screen, you will see a row of 
four components. The 'Score' label shows you the total number of points your team has scored.
The 'Box Score' button opens a new window with a table showing every players statistics, with the final row
showing the totals for the team. The 'Undo' button allows you to undo any mistakes you may have
made while entering statistics. You can choose which period the error occured and find the 
statistic and click it to remove it. Once you are done with your game, you can press the 'Done'
button. Each player is represented as a button which you can click to add a statistic for that player.
In the second row of components there is a label with the current period and the time remaining in that period.
The period length and the number of periods can be changed in the settings window. Pressing the start/stop
button will start and stop the timer, as will the 'Timeout' button. The number of timeouts can also be 
changed in the settings window. The total team fouls are also displayed. 
Click the buttons below to simulate what live game tracking is like!
*-*
If you are confused as to what the abbreviations in the Box Score Table mean, click the 'Abbreviations' button
below and click on the stat that you want to learn more about for an explanation.
*-*
This is the other version of the 'Roster Management' window. This window appears if you entered
more than STARTER_KEY players. As you can see, the header is the same, with the same components as with the
window with only STARTER_KEY players. You will notice that there are two panels. 
The panel on the right shows you who is currently on the court, and you can press those buttons to add statistics
for those players. The other panel shows the players on the bench, with those who have fouled out in red.
Click the buttons below to simulate live game tracking!
*-* 
This software allows you to track every player on your team while you play basketball.
Whether you are just playing with some friends and want to see how everyone does, or if you want to track
your stats during a tournament, this program has you covered. Have fun with your team and go get the win!
*-*
