Player
The Players name, indicated by their first name and last initial. If two players have the same first name and last initial, then the second player with the same first and last initial will have their entire last name posted.
Minutes
Keeps track of the total time a player is on the court.
Points
The total amount of Points scored by that player during the game.
Made Field Goal
The total baskets made by a player. This includes 2-point and 3-point baskets.
Missed Field Goal
The total baskets missed by a player. This includes missed 2-point and 3-point baskets.
Field Goal Percentage
The percentage of baskets made by that player. This includes 2-point and 3-point baskets.
Made 3 Pointer
The number of 3 point shots made by the player.
Missed 3 Pointer
The number of 3 point shots missed by the player.
Three Point Percentage
The percentage of 3 point shots made by the player.
Made Free Throw
The number of Free Throws made by the player. Each Free Throw is worth 1 point and is awared to the player if they were fouled in the act of shooting or if their team is over the foul limit.
Missed Free Throw
The number of Free Throws missed by the player. 
Free Throw Percentage
The percentage of Free Throws made by the player.
Offensive Rebound
A rebound secured by a player while their team is on offense.
Defensive Rebound
A rebound secured by a player while their team is on defense. Securing the Defensive Rebound signals a change in possession of the ball.
Rebound
The total Offensive and Defensive Rebounds secured by that player.
Assist
A pass by a player that directly leads to a made basket by another player.
Turnover
A loss in possession of the ball of a player, either forced by a player on the opposing team through a steal or unforced through bad passes or stepping out of bounds with the ball.
Steal
When the defensive player takes the ball away from the offensive player.
Block
A shot that is blocked.
Personal Foul
Any generic foul including: Personal, Over the Back, or Reach-In Foul.
Technical Foul
A violation of the rules of the game or unsportsmanlike conduct towards other players and game officials. Two technicals result in an ejection.
Flagrant Level I Foul
Contact on a foul that is uneccessary. Two Flagrant I's result in an ejection. 
Flagrant Level II Foul
Contact on a foul that is uneccessary and excessive. Results in an immediate ejection.
